key-el soft development:
Notation, tools, process

UML = unified modeling language
General purpose language to object oriented modeling

Vision 4 + 1
Logic: problem and solution vocab., Implementation: mount and deploy system, 
Process: parallel processing, cooperating between programs and synchronization, 
Implantation: hardwares 
User cases: behavior as seen by the end user


Model: Captures real world view. Abstracts the system.

Diagram: graphic representation of a collection of many modeling elements.

User cases diagram---
needs:
    needs to considers user problems
Functionalities:
    simple descriptions of how system will solve user problems.
Requirements:
    Condition that must be meet by the system. Can be functional or not functional.

User cases - technique to capture functional requirement from the system. Describes typical interaction user-system.

User case is a group of scenarios tied by a common user.

Actor - the user
primary - started the action
secondary - did not started

A -> C - S

Inclusion: mandatory repetitive step in an user case. Represents complex user cases.
        <<include>>
A -> C --> I

Extension: optional user case
A -> C <-- E

Generalization: represents an hierarchy. Can be used for actors too. Parent is always at the tip of the arrow.
A -> C <|- C1, C2

Concrete -> Can be initialized by actors
Abstract -> Can only be initialized by other user case.


--- Diagrama de atividade ---
Modelar fluxo de ações de um departamento, tarefa, caso de uso ou método

Ação é uma tarefa a ser executada

Conector: Portal
Objeto: Retângulo aberto com nome dentro, informa que objeto está sendo passado.
Pino: Parâmetros entrando e saindo da ação. Quadrado na lateral da ação.
Decisão: divide em 2
Intercalação: une 2 
Separação: separa 2, barra, paralelo
Junção: une uma separação

Partição: define a responsabilidade na execução
Subatividade: pé de galinha. função.
Sinal de tempo: ampulheta
Expansão: várias ações seguem o fluxo 
Rejeição: X com circulo no meio. rejeita parte de uma atividade sem rejeitar ela toda



